hey guys this is African cichlids 101
today I'm gonna be showing you guys a
feeding of my African cichlids first of
all you want to pick whether or not you
want to feature fish twice a day or just
once a day if heated once a day really
doesn't matter what time you feed them
as long as you have it you know around
the same time every day so they know
about when they're gonna eat also if you
feed on one time you're gonna feed them
more than if you were to feed them twice
a day I feed my fish twice a day but I
don't feed them as I don't I feed them
in smaller portions first of all you
want to check of course that you have
the right food and also on the back
let's see if I can show you guys here I
don't know if you're gonna see it but on
the back on the back of it you don't you
want to make sure there's a you can't
see it but someone in the back of the
label you wanna check for your proteins
and your fibers
this one has 34% protein and only has 5%
fat which is very good for the fish
helps them grow really fast life feeding
I guess you can feed them live feed
every so often but the more often you
feed them the more they're gonna get
aggressive you can see they're all up
here you're getting ready to eat alright
see if I can set this camera down here
hold on while I get this set up
typically I feed them little pinches at
a time cuz otherwise we'll be wasting a
lot of food and they just slowly sink
down here
see if you can see some of the food here
and they're hungry they're everywhere
alright no more food do a big pinch this
time okay you should see some pellets
here I'll see them floating around I
recommend getting some kind of catfish
that's compatible with African cichlids
because they are very aggressive fish
because sometimes you might over feed
them or phoom I fall to the bottom that
haven't been eaten by them and it's good
to have some kind of catfish so they'll
eat that foot off the bottom because
after a while builds up pockets in the
substrate causes bacteria that you don't
want in there to be careful how much you
feed them I usually just do little
pinches at a time
until they don't really eat anymore as I
save food I'll show a video or two some
live feeds later on so I wait till they
get a little bit bigger
one last pinch here see those big ones
see you laughs right there
like I said filtration is a very good
key and housing these fish especially
having the rocks that they can go and
hide in alright I think this will be the
last pinch and they're done see here you
can it's kind of hard to see the
floating palettes here oh you can see
them on the top they usually don't eat
them off the top the tank or the bottom
of the tank usually got away from the
float down see I think I fed a little
too much but once they're done eating
they go down to the bottom here you can
see them in the rugs it's definitely a
good idea to have a lot of rocks and
hiding spots especially for breeding
somewhere where they can lay their eggs
and defend easily from other fish from
eating them also just a lot less
stressful when they have places to hide
they're not always out in the open that
blue ones definitely getting some color
as it gets bigger yeah this guy's
probably the most aggressive of mites in
my tank it's constantly scaring the fish
off you might see I'll see you there you
go her No very aggressive
alright guys well thanks for watching my
video if you have any comments please
comment like and subscribe